Hi folks, welcome back to Movie Shortens.
Follow us today to a movie titled: Curve.
Be aware, there are spoilers!
On an SUV, Mallory is driving alone to Denver
for her wedding rehearsal.
On the way, she stops for a rest, looking
at the ring on her hand and becoming deep
in thought.
Just then, she facetimes with her sister,
Ella, who tells Mallory that she hasn't bought
her plane tickets yet.
Ella wants to make sure Mallory is truly in
love and happy with her decision.
Mallory reluctantly responds by telling her
sister that she is happy and hangs up.
She continues to drive while listening to
her fiance’s voice messages about his tight
business schedule.
He wants her to make sure she’ll be at the
church on time tomorrow, which upsets Mallory.
As she meets a T-road, she decides to turn
left to visit the Scenic Canyon Pass instead
of heading to Denver.
Just now, Mallory looks so carefree and happy
while enjoying some road trip music.
After a few minutes, the car suddenly alarms
for some engine errors.
The girl has to pull over to take a look by
herself.
After checking the oil, Mallory tries to start
the car but fails.
She then makes a phone call for the car service
but there is no signal.
She gets back in the car and accidentally
stains her shirt when having a soft drink.
While Mallory changes her clothes in the back
of the car, she is startled by a hitchhiker
named Christian.
Realizing the car breaks down, he offers to
fix it.
Surprisingly, Christian can get the car started.
Mallory suggests paying the young man for
the help but he refuses.
Mallory gets in the car and drives off after
thanking Christian.
However, feeling guilty, she stops and offers
the man a ride, thinking that he seems nice
enough.
The two share their lives with each other,
saying sometimes it is easier with a stranger.
Just then, Mallory realizes there is something
very odd about Christian as he keeps talking
about the fate that brought them together
in the same car.
What’s worse, he continues to make some
bad jokes about his body parts, which disgusts
her.
Mallory gets angry and sends him away, only
to learn that he has a knife in the bag.
She is forced to keep on driving while Christian
claims that it was meant to happen like this.
The man commands Mallory to get to a little
motel down the road, which has been abandoned
for years.
She then notices that Christian doesn’t
fasten the seatbelt.
Taking this chance, Mallory decides to speed
towards a guardrail near a curve, attempting
to kill him.
However, Christian realizes it and tries to
stop her, but the car plunges off the cliff
at the end.
Mallory wakes up and finds herself upside
down in the car with cuts all over the body.
She manages to unlock the seat belt, just
to realize the car’s trapped at the bottom
of a ravine, and her leg ensnared in the wreckage
of her SUV.
Looking towards Christian, who’s slowly
gaining consciousness, Mallory leans for the
knife nearby.
However, he tells her that it was good to
know each other and leaves her there alone.
Mallory desperately shouts out and beeps the
horn for help but nobody is around in the
middle of an isolated ravine.
When the night comes, she attempts to pull
the leg out, but it just keeps bleeding when
she takes efforts.
Shaking from the cold, she puts on the hoodie
and drinks the last drops in the bottle.
Suddenly, there is some noise seemingly from
wild animals.
Mallory turns on the car’s light to send
them away during the night.
Luckily, there is no dangerous ones at that
time.
The following morning, Christian comes back
and lets her know that he found a cabin nearby
the night before.
He confronts her about the reason she drove
off the road.
He then asks if it was because she was afraid
he would rape her, smearing the girl that
she must have read too much stories.
Mallory doesn't answer his questions and only
asks for some water and food.
The psychopath will give her food provided
that she shares about her first time of making
love.
As Mallory mentions about her first love Theo
and their fun times, Christian keeps asking
more and more sick questions.
However, in the last one, Christian changes
his mind, saying that Mallory only fantasizes
about Theo.
He abandons her again without giving her food
as promised.
Another night arrives, Mallory gives up on
waiting.
She writes some notes for her sister Ella
that she loves her and the name of the psychopath
in case someone found her.
Turning on the heat in the car, she realizes
it is not warm enough.
Mallory burns out some garbage outside of
the car to keep herself warm instead, eventually
even throwing the bridal veil to the fire.
She has no regret for doing that and finds
it relief in fact.
While sleeping, she is annoyed by some of
the rats.
Terrified, she smashes one of them with the
car key.
Later, Mallory decides to eat the rat as she
has been starving for two day long.
She uses the knife and cuts open the dead
rat, taking some slices of meat and grills
it in fire.
Finally, Mallory has little food in her stomach.
The next day, the phone vibration wakes her
up.
She attempts to take the phone back with a
wooden stick, but soon is interrupted by Christian
again.
Mallory quickly hides the phone away and pretends
to listen to his story.
The man shares that he has spent the night
tormenting the family who owns the cabin.
Christian is impressed seeing Mallory has
started to fight for her life after seeing
the dead rat, saying he is proud of her.
Suddenly, the phone vibrates again.
The psychopath storms in and fights with Mallory
to take it back.
He then trembles the phone in pieces and leaves
her again.
Before that, he tells her that he will not
kill her, he only enjoys her escape efforts.
He then gives her a hand saw.
Mallory says she can’t cut the door with
it, but he tells her he doesn’t mean that.
She soon realizes he wants her to cut off
her leg, or else she’ll die of bleeding
out and decaying leg.
When Mallory asks why he treats her like this,
she also mentions the photos in his wallet,
which was a happy family of Christian.
He says it was a fake photo he uses to lure
people like her.
After that, Mallory tries to enlarge the seat
by the saw, but it only works for some second
and breaks apart.
She then uses the saw blade only to cut her
leg, and finds herself helpless as she couldn’t
make it.
As being dehydrated, Mallory has no choice
but to drink from her own urine, which is
apparently not easy to swallow.
A moment later, a huge rain comes, relieving
the girl a lot.
She takes this chance to drink as much as
she can from the rain water.
After that, she sees a car light up on the
road.
She tries to call them for help, but it turns
out to be Christian.
She thinks of an idea to use the dead rat’s
blood and smears it around her trapped leg.
When Christian checks on her, thinking she
is dead, he enters the car and realizes this
is a trick.
However, Mallory immediately attacks him with
the knife.
Christian luckily survives but Mallory steals
his car key while the two fight.
She triggers his car’s siren and throws
the key away, which he can’t find.
He rushes up to the car parking to stop the
alarm with a knife.
At that time, a police car approaches and
asks if he needs a tow as the weather is getting
worse.
Christian lies that he left the key inside
the car so he might need a ride to a cabin
nearby.
The police officer is happy and willing to
help him.
Meanwhile, Mallory tries her hardest to draw
the police’s attention with her flashlight
and the car horn.
When the cop says he hears someone calling
for help.
Christian tells the police that he doesn’t
hear anything and the rainstorm hits so bad
if they don’t hurry.
The cop reluctantly agrees and leaves with
the psychopath.
As the rain pours badly, a flash flood wipes
out the valley.
Mallory decides to amputate her leg before
drowning in the car.
However, she can’t do it by herself.
Just then, the car is swept away by the flood.
This fortunately allows her leg to get rid
of the seat.
She swims towards the shore and escapes from
the car.
Her left leg is badly injured and has no feeling
now.
She relies on a stick to keep walking.
As she walks by a house, she hears a woman
calling for help from inside.
Although injured, she crawls along the house
to check on the woman.
She comes across a bear trap, but luckily
she can avoid it.
She realizes this is the cabin where Christian
mentioned earlier.
She finds the owners dead on the bed, and
the girl is their daughter.
When she hears some male’s voices, she learns
that it is the cop earlier.
She witnesses him killing the police officer
and keeping the girl, Katie, as a hostage.
When Christian gets to the second floor with
Katie, Mallory sneaks into the house and takes
the gun from the cop.
Later, she waits until the man leaves so she
can rescue Katie, who is held captive on her
bed.
Hearing the noise in the room, Christian storms
in and confronts the poor girl.
Hiding behind the door, Mallory opens fire
at the man, but fails due to being scared.
She then tells Katie to leave while fighting
with Christian alone.
She struggles to deal with the killer until
she pushes him off the balcony.
Mallory and Katie both come to check on Christian,
finding him wounded by the bear trap.
She then gives him the same chance as he used
to do with her by throwing a knife to him.
Mallory also mentions about fate and things
supposed to happen like this after all.
Katie helps Mallory get out of the cabin while
Christian gradually dies from the injuries.
Like and Subscribe to watch more videos like
this, and don’t forget to turn on your notifications.
That really helps my channel.
Thanks for watching!